Hi This is my first project.
This is fruit-detect-app which help you to find healthy fruit for you for your healthy life.why we need it explanation is following.
Most of the peoples faces difficulties during buying of fresh fruits because the shopkeeper did not cooperate with the user by this 
application user detect the quality of fresh fruits by using its mobile camera and detect the fruit and this app tells its better for us or not.
When we buy the fruits and went to home and after that when we want to eat the fruits have not the good quality.
This application helps us to checking the best quality of fruits for us and we can easily check and buy the fresh fruits.
A little introduction of our Project are following.
Every did not have the ability to check weather this fruit is good for us or not and some time the shopkeeper sells us the rotten fruit in large 
quantity in his/her greed  so it difficult to find out   because we cannot check every single piece in such a large quantity on that time.
But , In this project we will provide you a tool that can help you to detect fruit is buy able or not. We want to provide you  healthy fruits  to
user so they can live a better life.
By using this application and on website user can easily buy the fresh fruit and also check the quality of fruits weather it is fresh or no
It can help you find any rotten fruit by just take picture of it.
It will be available on both platform web and android.
It will also help to remove food inspection labor and take his place  and save a lot of money and It will be great revolution.    
Objectives of over project are following.
To provide healthy life style.
To save  money that we waste on rotten fruits that we accidently buy and save doctor expenses that we spend after eating that fruit.
To make life easy by scan large quantity of fruit by just taking a pic from your phone and analysis it in second which fruit is rotten.
To save people from fraud that some sellers sells rotten fruits in their greed.
Scope of Project are following.
This project have high use in market it can replace all food inspection labor.
It will not only tell you about the fruit is rotten or not but also tell if it have any disease or not.
It can be able to scan large quantity of fruit in just one click and within seconds and it will provide 95% rate and it save a lots of time and money.
It will increase the productivity and growth of fruit and world it will be greater revolution toward  the healthy life style.
Tools and Technologies Which are going use are following.
Python (Jupyter Notebook )
Pytorch
CNNs 
Flutter (Android Deployment)
Flask (Web)
Conclusion: Unhealthy diet causes diseases. To buy the healthy fruits concerns directly with health, in most of the cases we are unaware of while
shopping which causes bad health. We have develop a system which will not only detect that fruit is rotten or not but also be the replacement of 
the food inspection team.
Refferences:
https://pytorch.org
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PyTorch
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/312438814_An_efficient_implementation_of_2D_convolution_in_CNN
Hands-On Machine Learning to Build Intelligent Systems(by Geron Aurelien)
